# Contact

```text
DeepKit UG (haftungsbeschränkt)
Geschäftsführer: Marc J. Schmidt
Im Feriendorf 14
78132 Hornberg, Germany
```

Deepkit is a registered trademark in USA and European Union.

```text
Mail: info@deepkit.io
Registergericht: Amtsgericht Freiburg
Registernummer: HRB 728635
```

Umsatzsteuer-Identifikationsnummer gem. § 27 a Umsatzsteuergesetz: DE 320 954 787

Verantwortliche i.S.d. § 55 Abs. 2 RStV: Marc J. Schmidt

## Liability for Content

We make every effort to keep the information on our web site current, but accept no liability whatsoever
for the content provided. Pursuant to §7 par. 1 of TMG (German Tele-Media Act), the law limits our
responsibility as a service provider to our own content on these Web pages. According to §8 to 10 of
TMG, we are not obligated to monitor third party information provided or stored on our web site.
However, we shall promptly remove any content upon becoming aware that it violates the law. Our
liability in such an instance shall commence at the time we become aware of the respective violation.

## Liability for Links

Our site contains links to third-party web sites. We have no influence whatsoever on the information on
these web sites and accept no guaranty for its correctness. The content of such third-party sites is the
responsibility of the respective owners/providers.

At the time third-party web sites were linked to ours, we found NO GROUNDS WHATSOEVER of any likely
contravention of the law. We shall promptly delete a link upon becoming aware that it violates the law.

## Copyrights

The content and works provided on these Web pages are governed by the copyright laws of Germany.
Duplication, processing, distribution, or any form of commercialization of such material beyond the
scope of the copyright law shall require the prior written consent of its respective author or creator.

## Data Protection

Please be aware that there are inherent security risks in transmitting data, such as e-mails, via the
Internet, because it is impossible to safeguard completely against unauthorized access by third parties.
Nevertheless, we shall safeguard your data, subject to this limitation. In particular, personal
information will be transmitted via the Internet only if it does not infringe upon third-party rights,
unless the respective party has given its prior consent in view of such security risks. Accordingly, as
the web site provider, we shall not be held liable for any damages incurred as a consequence of such
security risks or for any related acts of omission on our part. We oppose the use of any available
contact information by a third party for sending unsolicited advertisements. As the web site provider,
we reserve the express right to take legal action against unsolicited mailing or e-mailing of spam and
other similar advertising materials.

## Privacy Statement for the Use of Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google
Analytics uses "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer, to analyze the use of the
website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this site are usually transmitted to
a Google server in the USA and stored there. In the case of activation of the IP anonymization on this
website, your IP address from Google will be truncated within Member States of the European Union or
other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before.

Only in exceptional cases the full IP address is sent to a Google server in the USA where it shortened.
On behalf of the site owner Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website,
compiling reports on website activity together and to provide other use of the website and internet
related services with respect to the website owner. As part of Google Analytics provided by your browser
IP address will not be merged with other data from Google.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, we would point
out, however, that in this case you may not be able to use all features of this site will be fully
usable. They may also prevent the detection of the cookie generated by and related to your use of the
website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of these data by Google by downloading
the available at the following link browser plugin and install
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.

## Privacy Statement for the Tawk.to, Live Chat Software

This website uses tawk.to, a live chat solution provided by tawk.to Ltd. Tawk.to uses cookies to help us
identify and track visitors. All communication between us and our visitors in this chat is over 128bit
Secure Socket Layer, and all data is housed on encrypted servers. The chat log may be saved with your
personal profile for the purpose of providing excellent customer service. You can find more information
on the official https://tawk.to/ page.
